"Fruit"
(Notice of Adjunct Teacher Appointment Termination)
(Episode 8: Suppression)
(Dear Miss Zhang Ronghua,)
(following a resolution by the school committee...)
(your contract will not be renewed upon expiration.)
Here...
her presence lingers.
The air she breathed is still here.
Miss,
how should I draw this part?
Only when I'm about to leave
do I realize
she has already taken over my world.
You're peeking at me drawing again.
I wasn't peeking.
I just wanted to know... what you were doing.
Miss,
you walk so silently!
It's not that I walk silently.
I just didn't want to startle you.
Miss, you look really tired today.
It's not that I'm tired,
it's feeling drained
at the thought of leaving you.
Miss,
you need to take care of yourself.
are you okay?
Can I just...
stop holding on all by myself?
Miss.
I know full well it's forbidden.
But when it comes to feelings,
why do they never ask if the timing is right?
Stopping here... is for the best.